<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](http://doctoc.herokuapp.com/)*

- [Welcome to Swift Fakes!](#welcome-to-swift-fakes)
  - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
  - [Building the Project](#building-the-project)
  - [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
    - [Style Conventions](#style-conventions)
  - [Core Members](#core-members)
  - [Creating a Release](#creating-a-release)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Welcome to Swift Fakes!

We're building standardized test doubles for Swift.

Swift Fakes should be easy to use and easy to maintain. Let's keep things
simple and well-tested.

## Reporting Bugs

Nothing is off-limits. If you're having a problem, we want to hear about
it.

- See a crash? File an issue.
- Code isn't compiling, but you don't know why? Sounds like you should
  submit a new issue, friend.
- Went to the kitchen, only to forget why you went in the first place?
  Better submit an issue.

Be sure to include in your issue:

- Your Xcode version (eg - Xcode 15.3.0 15E204A)
- Your version of Quick / Nimble / Swift Fakes (eg - v0.0.0 or git sha `7d0b8c21357839a8c5228863b77faecf709254a9`)
- What are the steps to reproduce this issue?
- What platform are you using? (eg - OS X, iOS, watchOS, tvOS, visionOS)
- If the problem is on a UI Testing Bundle, Unit Testing Bundle, or some other target configuration
- Are you using Swift PM or some other package manager?

## Building the Project

- Open the `Package.swift` in xcode, or run `swift build`.

## Pull Requests

- Nothing is trivial. Submit pull requests for anything: typos,
  whitespace, you name it.
- Not all pull requests will be merged, but all will be acknowledged. If
  no one has provided feedback on your request, ping one of the owners
  by name.
- Make sure your pull request includes any necessary updates to the
  README or other documentation.
- Be sure the unit tests pass before submitting your pull request. You can run all
  the unit tests using `swift test`.
- The `main` branch will always support the stable Xcode version. Other
  branches will point to their corresponding versions they support.

### Style Conventions

- Indent using 4 spaces.
- Keep lines 100 characters or shorter. Break long statements into
  shorter ones over multiple lines.

## Core Members

If a few of your pull requests have been merged, and you'd like a
controlling stake in the project, file an issue asking for write access
to the repository.

Your conduct as a core member is your own responsibility, but here are
some "ground rules":

- Feel free to push whatever you want to main, and (if you have
  ownership permissions) to create any repositories you'd like.

  Ideally, however, all changes should be submitted as GitHub pull
  requests. No one should merge their own pull request, unless no
  other core members respond for at least a few days.

  Pull requests should be issued from personal forks. The Quick repo
  should be reserved for long-running feature branches.

  If you'd like to create a new repository, it'd be nice if you created
  a GitHub issue and gathered some feedback first.

- It'd be awesome if you could review, provide feedback on, and close
  issues or pull requests submitted to the project. Please provide kind,
  constructive feedback. Please don't be sarcastic or snarky.

Read [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for more in depth guidelines.

## Creating a Release

The process is relatively straight forward, but here's is a useful checklist for tagging:

- Run the release script: `./script/release A.B.C`
- The script create a new [GitHub release](https://github.com/Quick/swift-fakes/releases) with autogenerated release notes.
  - Edit the release notes, and add highlights. Be especially sure to call out any breaking changes.
- Announce!
